eight seven six five four three two one
there's only one station and
revolutionizing the cheerleading
industry
here one fmx we've got job back to bed
beads 24 hours a day
cheerwine ever
if these makes this can't get you moving
you might wanna check your false
you are a number one choice for the
hottest mrs. cheer one FM the mix the
new stage in uniting the world of sheer
enthusiasts this is the only one you'll
ever need last year whatever the
cheerleading industry will never be the
same be the same here whatever check one
two never anything like this before no
wimpy mixes here festa system access the
real that's the only mix you'll ever
need you're one of them now work it yeah
world's largest online competitive
cheerleading radio station is agent as
makes a sweaty place and every day every
day move to it